docs(config.md): fix format issue, add period and add title to example config code blocks (#1534)
commitizen-tools/commitizen: docs/config.md

### `ignored_tag_formats`

- Type: `list`
- Default: `[]`

Tags matching those formats will be totally ignored and won't raise a warning.
Each entry uses the syntax as [`tag_format`](#tag_format) with the addition of `*`
that will match everything (non-greedy). [Read more][tag_format]

### `update_changelog_on_bump`

- Type: `bool`
- Default: `False`

Create changelog when running `cz bump`.

### `gpg_sign`

- Type: `bool`
- Default: `False`

Use gpg signed tags instead of lightweight tags.

### `annotated_tag`

- Type: `bool`
- Default: `False`

Use annotated tags instead of lightweight tags. [See difference][annotated-tags-vs-lightweight]

### `bump_message`

- Type: `str`
- Default: `None`

Create custom commit message. Useful to skip CI. [Read more][bump_message]

### `retry_after_failure`

- Type: `bool`
- Default: `False`

Automatically retry failed commit when running `cz commit`. [Read more][retry_after_failure]

### `allow_abort`

- Type: `bool`
- Default: `False`

Disallow empty commit messages. Useful in CI. [Read more][allow_abort]

### `allowed_prefixes`

- Type: `list`
- Default: `["Merge", "Revert", "Pull request", "fixup!", "squash!"]`

> Allow some prefixes and do not try to match the regex when checking the message. [Read more][allowed_prefixes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of prefixes that commitizen ignores when verifying messages. [Read more][allowed_prefixes]
```

Author: done
